what's up everybody mr Swan productions
here and I got a tutorial for you guys
and no it is not a modded tutorial this
is totally legit and in the real game
was of one point eight point one alright
so let's get started it is an elevator
yes this can be very helpful right i
mean maybe not helpful but it looks way
cooler than you know ladders going up
everywhere and it's just fun so this is
the demonstration it's basically made of
a boat and some water and a sign to drop
down so you right click on the boat and
you pop up on your next war and to get
back down obviously you drop down
through the water so let's get right
into this tutorial what you want to do
is make a tower that is three blocks
high and one out so you want to put one
there and complete this around that
center block alright and once you've
done that you can put your boat in there
which I forgot to get put your boat
right on that block
and now you want to make a hole for the
water whoops yeah the boats get it's a
little glitchy actually I mean along
I'll show you what I mean in in the lex
last of the video so once you've made
your whole for your water go under your
platform you're going to put one block
there and put your sign and put water
over that and it's as easy as just
breaking that block and right-click in
the book and there you go that's how you
make the elevator and this is my little
demonstration for you guys um I got to
elevator towers on the sides and I hope
you guys enjoyed this little creation
that took me maybe I don't know half an
hour me great so gotta have the presser
doors all right and go to this tower I
guess doesn't really matter so you got
the first floor right here I'll just
click my boat BAM how are on the second
floor so you can either get out of your
boat or I think you can just stay in it
let's try it yep you can keep going out
third floor and forth for all right and
one thing you guys got to remember is um
for some reason it it worked for me but
you shouldn't have any blocks on this
floor like say I blast there let's way
back the glass panes don't do anything
but um you don't want to put like a
block there or else you'll get stuck
inside it and die so just get out of
your boat and go straight down
and that's pretty much how you do it
guys and here's this little secret I
want to show you guys so let me see if I
can find it yep right there see how my
cursors aren't over those blocks yep
teleport right to the boat obviously it
was way out of my reach and somehow I
could still do it so I mean it's just a
little background not so important but
it's just a little glitch in the game
but I just want to say thanks for
watching guys rate comment subscribe I'm
trapped in here because I forgot to do a
button on the other side of this door so
i will see you guys later